[Pages] Build configuration updates (#1880)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/getting-started/index.md

> Depending on the framework, tool, or project you are deploying to Cloudflare Pages, you will need to specify the site's **build command** and **publish directory** to tell Cloudflare Pages how to deploy your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the framework, tool, or project you are deploying to Cloudflare Pages, you will need to specify the site's **build command** and **build output directory** to tell Cloudflare Pages how to deploy your site. The contents of this directory are uploaded to Cloudflare Pages as your website's contents.
```
